okay you're in for a treat today I'm
going to share my entire process all the
AI tools I use to come up with startup
ideas from Reddit how to find gold
within Reddit I don't know why more
people aren't doing this uh I've I've
come up with startup ideas from Reddit
that have built me multi-million dollar
businesses uh there's just so many
validated ideas out there and it's it's
the place I go to when I'm looking for a
startup idea but I'm really looking for
a validated startup idea I'm looking for
an idea that I know that with a good
chance if I go and build this people
will resonate with
it
[Music]
start so uh without further Ado I'm
going to share exactly how to find new
ideas are validated how to find gold uh
the you know the four-step process I use
and if you stick around to the end I'll
also show you how to create content
people will love because it's it's not
about just building a product anymore
you need to attract an audience you need
to build a community and content is so
key with that so I'll show you how I use
Reddit to actually come up with content
ideas so I'll just go ahead and and
share my screen so so the first thing I
do is I use a tool called Gummy Search
and it's free to sign up they also have
a paid plan I'm using the paid plan and
where I go is I go to the trending
section within Gummy Search now I could
see here are the top subreddits sorted
by largest sorted by active sorted by
growing and what I'm generally looking
at is how fast is this thing growing
daily weekly monthly yearly um so I can
see you know Galaxy Ring the rich
subreddit you know India Sports so I get
a good sense of it but the mistake
people uh make here is they they focus
just on these big subreddits what I like
to do is actually go to the 10,000 to
100,000 member
subreddits these aren't the massive
subreddits but they're the ones that
there's you know it answers the why now
question why should I go and build
something for this community well it's
generally a newer Community uh it's
trending it's in people's minds it's in
the Zeitgeist so as you can see here
it's starting to sort by 10 to 100 th um
and I just you know I'll just scroll it
I'll just scroll it you know and just
you know see what I find interesting and
I'll ask myself okay autistic with ADHD
is there something here do I do I have
an unfair advantage in that um in that
you know subreddit maybe I know someone
who who suffers or am someone who
suffers from that from that and I can go
and build something for them um so I
just go and I I start looking and
scrolling and I ask myself what you know
is this interesting uh do I have an
ability to create something here and I
just start taking notes you know pull
out a notebook pull out a Google doc and
just say saying what's you know are
there any is there anything here that's
really interesting to me you can also
change the time frame so you can say I
only want the top you know growing
subreddits that uh are growing a lot
daily um and sometimes you get some
interesting uh
interesting responses to that that you
wouldn't otherwise get in sort of the
monthly or or or the or the larger one
so um I I I tend to play around with
these the da
there's
weekly and there's
monthly so you know if you're looking
for a niche I would check something like
gummy search like this every few weeks
to see what's new and they also have a
curated uh you know curated section
where you can go in and you can say Okay
they've already curated the 26
subreddits for software
Engineers um or software developers and
you can go and and add that to your
audience and this is something I look at
too but I'm I'm more interested in
seeing what's growing and why is it
growing because those again those are
the opportunities and you know the 10 to
100,000 is is the range uh where where
you want to look at so that's step one
go and see what's trending within within
Reddit the next step is once you've
picked uh a subreddit that you think's
interesting it's about how do you find
the problems and potentially solutions
to that subreddit so that's going to
help give you I mean you need to come up
with a startup idea right because you're
going to charge money for it um and uh
these are agency businesses that you can
start there SAS businesses that you can
start uh they Marketplace businesses
software businesses um brick and mortar
businesses cpg businesses you know
you're going to see through the problems
and solution and the beauty is Gummy
Search allows you to find that pretty
easily so let's go pick a
uh a subreddit that we think is
interesting so we're in the 10 to
100,000 let's say in the
growing and let's what's something
that okay plastic
surgery too big too big 265,000 no let's
go to 10 to
100,000 okay dog
food so we're going to go and add to
audience so you create the way gummy
works is you create these audiences so
you can see in the past I've created
like dentists and designers it's kind of
like what is the
community
so you know people into dog
food and then you can include similar
subreddits
into what's called an
audience has added eight communities to
the
audience people into dog food beautiful
so see now I have all these people into
dogs and this is where the magic happens
what they do is I could go they
basically organize it into pain and
anger uh hot discussions top content
advice requests solution requests money
talk you know all this stuff
here and when I'm looking for a problem
solution I want to see what's the pain
and anger right so I go and click the
pain and anger and what of the things I
really love to do is see what are the
common
patterns you know within this community
so it uses AI to basically go through uh
here you can see
53,9 49 words and it summarizes all
these submissions it's going to find you
know Common patterns and this is going
to help me uh basically you know come up
with um ideas for you know people into
dog food and and dog community
it takes about 20 seconds I'll take this
you know brief moment to say like
subscribe and comment on this video uh
if if you you know I'm giving away all
my secrets here so if you want more of
this type of content please like
subscribe and comment it's the only way
it's the only way I know I should
continue creating content like this so
wow all right we're all set so now you
can see a bunch of different patterns so
you can see potty training challenges
with new or rehomed so there seems to be
you know a bunch of Interest around you
dog struggling with potty trains dogs
reluctant to walk outside uh loss of of
a dog loss of a best friend you know
eating habits loss of appetites are you
not coming up with ideas right now
because that's how my brain works um you
start reading this and you're like wait
maybe there's something I can I can
build here to help
you know dogs with you know potty
training maybe there's content I can
create that is just all about you know
this topic you know dogs reluctant to
walk outside as they get older or you
know just you know being stubborn you
know stubborn dogs.com you know just
thinking of you know you start reading
through this and it gives you ideas it's
wonderful you start writing it down
again you go to your Google doc and you
start writing it down what would be an
idea idea here what would be an idea
there and I know there's there's people
listening to this that are going to say
well there already exists you know dog
Pony training you know businesses um and
that might be true and and and and you
definitely need to go and do some
research and be like okay what's the
competitive
landscape in this space um but more
often than not you'll notice that you
know the marketing is bad and they're
not doing anything on social and you
know there there's an opportunity to
partner with creators and you can create
a pretty simple MVP nowadays that uh you
can create a nice small business maybe
you already have a full-time job but you
can you know create a business that
doesn't take much work that starts you
know producing cash flows that
ultimately be could become something
that you go do full-time or you're just
looking for a startup idea uh and you go
all in so anyways I digress you know
going back to to the patterns you can
just sort of go and you can read it and
it does a really good job at just
um you know summarizing some of the
biggest you know pain and anger the next
thing I I generally click is the advice
and requests category so this is
beautiful so this actually uh it's going
to
summarize what you know what are the
advice that people are asking for you
know in these in all these communities
you know there's there's so many times
that there's thousands of people that
are are asking about hey like I need
what do you what should I what product
should I buy here what should I do here
these are people screaming they're
screaming they want they want these
products to exist and it's your job to
go and figure out how to build it how do
you build it efficiently and how do I
you know Market it efficiently to these
people um but the ideas are out there so
here here you can see you know people
there's some patterns around dog dog
breeding uh recommendation I always sort
of look to see you know how many upvotes
and comments these things give you know
are getting you you definitely there
there are are times sometimes that Gummy
Search isn't 100% accurate so you know
you want to double check these things
um but yeah it gives me like a direction
a directional okay A lot of people are
asking for dog breeds okay what breed a
dog would you recommend uh what's best
for us um you know maybe there's like a
website you can go and create that you
know take you know there's a survey and
and and you you know based on who you
are and you know which trips you like to
go on and what m music maybe it's you
know you put in your you log in with
your Spotify and and based on that it
gives you a dog breed um these will give
you ideas so you just start reading
through um all the advice here that
people are giving and there's there's
other ideas here and other uh advice
requests you can see dog food
recommendations
interesting our poodle mix is losing his
teeth due to old age um so there might
be an opportunity to to build something
you know a soft a way softer dog food um
focused on Senior Dogs
um so you just I just scroll through it
and I start again writing down mental
stimulation for dogs how to keep my dog
mentally stimulated ways to entertain
not such a clever dog um and you just go
and you scroll and you and you write
notes and
then one there's another there's you
know another piece on Gummy Search I
love I love checking out is the solution
requests and I always checked this out
last the solution requests is is
basically is basically people saying you
should do this you know here's what I
use this will give you a sense around
competitive landscape different products
that people are using how people are
dealing with all their problems um and
uh this is you know super super
worthwhile to get a sense of just the
lay of the land
so uh dog food
recommendations uh you can just you know
SC scroll here and see you know what are
the products here so this will help you
basically just give you a good
competitive landscape um and and you can
go ahead and write that down on your
Google doc that will serve as like a one
pager for your your business idea once
I've figured out the problems in
Solutions then what I do is and I've
written out this one pager I go and say
who are the creators in this Niche so
generally what I do is I use a
perplexity doai it's it's free to sign
up you know usually what I'll what I'll
prompt is something
like who you know actually I'll say give
me the
25 most
popular dog influencer
on
YouTube and it'll list it out I'll put
this usually in a uh in a uh Google
sheet or something like that and the
reason I do that is you know okay why
you're asking yourself okay why are you
doing this like why you know why does it
why do I care about the creators well
generally what I do here is I'll go and
find these
creators so I'll go to YouTube
someone named Doug the Pug I land on
Doug the Pug
and I don't think this is going to be
super valuable sometimes you have to go
back to you know perplexity and be like
I don't want funny YouTubes I'm talking
about the top
youtubeers that are educational for
dogs here we go now we're getting like
dog
trainers um dog training tutorials now
we're talking so let's just say okay
we're going to go to Kiko pup so I pull
up Kiko
pup 43,000 subscribers
perfect so I'll go to her videos usually
I like to support by most po uh sort by
most popular so I can see here um
complete guide to Poppy training what to
train first so I get to our puppy
training tutorial and then what I like
to do here is with 741 comments like
they are the top comments and of course
there's going to be people joking about
um about the comment about the video um
but when you start reading some of these
comments you get a sense to what people
want you get a sense of uh what are they
thinking about and you you can you just
I put myself in their shoes you know you
can just whistle like this proceed to do
the most melodious whistle of all
time you know this is the just you just
go through it go through it and start
reading you just start reading this and
uh you you know it just helps you to put
yeah again put you put yourself in their
shoes and I do this with about um you
know maybe 20 or 25
videos and I start writing what am I
learning on my on my one pager then what
I do is I I wireframe out the website so
I'll give you an example you know uh I
found in one of the niches uh for
startup Entre R preneurs using you know
Gummy Search
that people are upset with
designers that people you know designers
there's there's just just artist and my
website looks might look beautiful but
it doesn't convert or it doesn't
actually do anything so uh I you know
started wireframing out um what a design
agency would look like that actually
cared about copy and conversion and
getting people to click and get you cash
and basically this mix between
copywriter and marketer and designer and
I just like I mean took a you know made
a framer website and wire framed out
what this would look like based on um
the insights that I gathered from Reddit
and I just put it up so I wire framed it
up put it up in a few hours on framer
and uh just started posting about it so
this is that's my process to find ideas
it's just you know Finding trending
subreddit
see what's validated see what their
problems are see what their Solutions
are uh start writing this down
wireframing it out come up with a catchy
name so when I'm when you go through all
these subreddits sometimes what you can
do is actually you can create a company
with the same name as the subreddit um
so it's not just about coming up with a
cat you know a a validated you know
catchy startup idea it's about what's a
validated catchy name that's going to
resonate with people as you can see here
design science
in.com it's a new category it's
different and I I got this Insight you
know when some you people were like you
know I wish a designer was more like a
scientist less art more science so
you're going to get these insights from
just going through this um and last but
not least I'll be true to my word how to
create content people will love well
here I use Gummy Search what I do here
is let's go back to
the dog food
here go to top content and you just look
at what's the best performing content
right you're going to get again the
common patterns you're going to get the
common patterns and you see what's
working and you can iterate from there
you see the types of formats that work
is it you know long stories is it memes
like what does this audience care about
what does this community care about um
you can see loss of beloved pet seeking
attention
today I saved a dog's life like stories
like this so again you go through this
and the same process that you come up
with startup ideas you come up with
content ideas through here it works
absolutely brilliantly and you can even
ask questions and you can do this with
you know uh solution requests and pain
and anger on Gummy Search too but you
can also ask it a question about top
content in this audience do they love
memes and again just really fun to play
with you you'll learn stuff so here you
can see that you know comments like
snuggle puddle a literal dog pile you
know it's it's a mem like uh Community
it's not like people are saying they
love memes but uh you again you start
asking a question I use Gummy Search and
products like this is kind of like an
entrepreneurial assistant it's your
co-founder except you don't have to pay
them or you have to pay for Gummy Search
if you want access to this um but you
don't you know you don't have to pay
them a salary you don't have to give
them Equity so you just you know ask
them questions and it'll it'll connect
dots it within your brain so there you
have it I hope this was uh interesting
to you to me what I love so much about
using Reddit and social YouTube and Tik
Tok to come up with startup ideas is
it's like you're teleporting to
different
communities and your job is to just
observe and
write and come up with ideas that is are
going to resonate with them and I've
just I've seen this you know work time
and time again where uh like design
scientist.com is you know it's a seven
figure business from this from from this
uh methodology it's it's it's doable um
and uh I I I'm happy to create more
content like this uh more videos like
this showing you how to how I cook in
the kitchen and uh you know but
just let me know in the comments if if
you enjoyed it um and let me know what
you end up building happy building
everyone and uh I'll see you later
[Music]